# Hack Sprint Wrap Up

**Meeting Date:** 4th Feb, 2026 - 4:00 PM

---

**Technologic** *[04:40]*: It. Sam, you like this name? 
**Sam Stokes** *[05:35]*: Am I what? 
**Technologic** *[05:36]*: Sorry, you like. You. You posted an idea for the name. 
**Sam Stokes** *[05:41]*: Oh, just. I don't think we have a name yet, so I threw another one out there. 
**Technologic** *[05:48]*: Right. How do you say this? 
**Sam Stokes** *[05:50]*: Janus. 
**Technologic** *[05:52]*: Right. Janus. That's definitely a thing. Yeah, it sounds to me. Yes. Yeah. 
**Sam Stokes** *[06:05]*: At least it's not Uranus. 
**Technologic** *[06:09]*: Wait, what. Are you naming the product? Janice. Do you guys follow the Janice Twitter account status. Look it up. Sam. 
**Sam Stokes** *[06:26]*: Do what? 
**Technologic** *[06:27]*: The Janice Twitter account. 
**Sam Stokes** *[06:30]*: I try not to go on Twitter these days, but I'll make an exception. 
**Technologic** *[06:36]*: I'll send it to you. It says it comes suspended. Oh, that. Is it at genus. Oh, it's like a special name. It's at replicate. Oh, yeah, I see it. It's not smart enough. What about this. This guy or this person? 
**Conner** *[07:00]*: Oh, my. 
**Technologic** *[07:01]*: This is. What am I looking at? Yeah. So he's like a. What would you discover for yourself? Anime Labs. AI. Oh, is it like a anime character simulation kind of thing? No, not my understanding. I mean, that's not why I follow him. I don't think there's any logic to his actions. I think he just call it oh, Anima, not anime. Yeah, Anima is. Oh, Anima. I misread it. Yes, Very different. Yeah, I misread that. Anima. Yeah, it's more of an alignment guy. Okay. Anime Labs. Yeah. Building wife foods for the next generation. Elon's trying. Elon succeeding. WiFi in the space. Genuine. I have no idea. AI Influence numbers. It's very sketchy. All right, cool. Aj, you ready? This is why I didn't think it was a great idea. Very cool. Recording it. Yes, sir. My advice is here, too. Hi, everyone. Triple recording. 
**Technologic** *[09:18]*: All right, cool. I'll get started. 
**Sam Stokes** *[09:23]*: Is that my cue? 
**Technologic** *[09:25]*: Yeah, it is. 
**Sam Stokes** *[09:26]*: Okay, so I've got a. It would be exaggerating to call it a presentation. It's kind of a few slides to kick off, and then I'm going to let folks demo what they want to demo. But let's do that. So whatever it is, we're calling this. 
**Technologic** *[09:50]*: Thing. 
**Sam Stokes** *[09:53]*: Hack Demo Sprint thing. And I threw these slides together in the last five minutes. So apologies for the formatting. I thought I'd just start off by saying, what are we trying to do right now? And it's basically like, validate a new idea. So we've been trying to build something, but the goal isn't really for it to work necessarily. That would be nice as a side effect, but the goal is to find out if this idea we have is something that people want to buy, find out if it solves an important enough problem for enough people that it's worth pursuing. And I sort of break that down into two things, like illustrate some pain points with the current way of doing things. And that needs to be meaningful to people we show it to. 
**Sam Stokes** *[10:59]*: So they need to recognize what we're showing them and telling them there's a pain point. They need to recognize it and be like, oh yeah, right, I have that pain right now. And then describe what it is we're doing that's different in a way that makes us sound like we know what we're talking about. And the distinction there is. We're not saying that we've solved the problem already. It's not like, here's some snake oil we already made, please buy it. We're not claiming to have solved this already. We're saying we've got a new approach that is going to solve this pain you feel. And we need to tell like we know what we're talking about, especially because we haven't finished solving it yet. But that's not impossible. That's what startups do all the time. And my end. Oh yeah, any. 
**Sam Stokes** *[12:00]*: Anybody want to say something about this kind of the why. 
**Technologic** *[12:07]*: Looks good. 
**Sam Stokes** *[12:14]*: So where have we got to? And this is my understanding, but we may have built more things in the last five minutes. I'm not sure. We've got what I decided to call agentic search. And that's kind of an interesting sort of side deliverable. Right. Like, I think we didn't necessarily know going into building this that were going to end up with like a search UI that can search your company's internal data. But we have that like we have a pretty interesting thing that can answer questions about a company's internal data and that's currently powered by this one off data import from a few data sources. Just saying that to answer the question of like, what's in there? Like, what can it search? Does it. Does it know what it did? Does it know what it did yesterday? No, it doesn't. 
**Sam Stokes** *[13:16]*: Because the data import was done a few days ago. We've built a working customer support agent that can respond to questions about daft that can interact with the agentic search, but can also run in a couple of other modes. We have some, I would probably call it preliminary approach to evaluating that agent's performance. Anyone who's about to demo something amazing, please go at me if I'm wrong. And we have Connor. I don't know how Far along it is. But you said you wanted to demo something in the realm of search. Sorry, in the realm of auth. So we have some capabilities around being able to scope what the agentic search will return depending on who's asking the question. 
**Technologic** *[14:20]*: And. 
**Sam Stokes** *[14:23]*: That'S pretty much all I wanted to say up front. I thought it would best to just turn it over to demos. Anyone want to say words up front? 
**Technologic** *[14:40]*: How many demos do we have? Like who's. Who's demoing? I'm curious. I'm demoing one. What are you demoing? Colin? Evos evals. Okay, who else is doing a demo? Connor, you're doing some. The off one V Off. Okay. What are demo doing another approach to evals. Yeah, evals? Yeah, to generate evals. Yeah. Okay. What else? Anyone doing the Ancient itself. 
**Sam Stokes** *[15:26]*: I can demo that if no one else wants to. I mean I'll be just demoing someone else's work, but. Okay, so I can also. I had yet another failed approach to evals which I can show. 
**Technologic** *[15:44]*: Okay, so right now we have evals for Colin, Auths for Connor. Desmond has the more evals, then Sam will do the agent. And then Sam will also do more evals. We should maybe start with a demo of like the agent. The agent, yeah. Just so like we actually can see the. What we actually built and then kind of like how it works and then go from there. Yeah. 
**Sam Stokes** *[16:13]*: Okay, I can do that. Unless. Do anyone else like to be the one who done as the agent? 
**Technologic** *[16:21]*: No, go for it. All right. 
**Sam Stokes** *[16:27]*: I'll come back to that in a minute. So this is going to be a very lo fi demo. The agent is a command line tool that we're launching manually at the moment and I'll just run it with help also. Is this big enough? 
**Technologic** *[16:46]*: Yeah, for me, yes. 
**Sam Stokes** *[16:53]*: Make it even bigger. So it's just like. It's literally just a Python script. I added this so I can run it one off and it takes these three modes, plain, MCP and librarian. And it's got authentic. Just demoing this to show what it's got access to basically. So it's got API keys for linear. It's got a GitHub one that I'm plumbing in a different way because I'm weird and a loop access key and I guess that's it. Yeah, I think we never got slack working. So if I just do. Well, if I just run it says ask a question, I can say what is daft? Actually, I'm going to put a typo in there because it's funny. And it spams some logs. Wait, this is. Oh, I thought this was without mcp, but I guess this is using mcp. 
**Sam Stokes** *[18:15]*: All right, so this is the MCP version. It seems like you might be asking about daft. Yeah. So basically it made some GitHub queries using MCP and gave the correct answer so I could ask. Well, let's run it in librarian. 
**Technologic** *[18:37]*: How did it know that you were looking for Daft instead of dfat? What was the mechanism there? 
**Sam Stokes** *[18:42]*: It knows that it's a daft customer support agent. Let me do it in librarian mode and ask. Actually, let's try this slightly more interesting question I had. I am getting these errors about unsatisfiable dependencies using Ray. Why is that? I have the actual question I was asking up above with more details, but let's see if it can do anything with this incredibly vague question. So this is using the librarian and the first thing it does is query loop. And we've got about several agents deep here, so it takes a while. 
**Technologic** *[19:40]*: How long do these look queries take on average right now to folks now? So like order of like seconds. 
**Conner** *[19:45]*: Tens, tens of seconds, like 20 to 30 seconds. 
**Sam Stokes** *[19:51]*: I'm guessing that's mostly the agent, like the loop agent. 
**Conner** *[19:55]*: Yeah, the index is super fast, the agent super slow. 
**Sam Stokes** *[20:01]*: This is slower than it was last time I tried it. 
**Technologic** *[20:05]*: I guess like one thing that could help here is potentially streaming some of the results back as doing the work. Right. 
**Sam Stokes** *[20:11]*: Okay. So it answered. It came back with answer. Oh yeah. Okay, so if I move my overlay out the way. This is a well known issue in the doft ecosystem. Most common cause using Python 3.12, which is incorrect actually because it's Python 312 is the solution, not the problem. Okay, so here's an example of that. Failing to answer a question. That's probably about as far as the demo goes. Any questions. 
**Technologic** *[20:48]*: That makes sense. And so yeah, I guess the idea is that you can integrate other agents directly to loops mcp. Yeah, I'm curious what happens if you run the same one with mcp. Just vibes wise, have folks notice a vibe difference between loop versus like just pure mcp. 
**Sam Stokes** *[21:10]*: Let's try that. But yeah, I'm maybe I think the more interesting question there is the vibes question. So while I try and demo this, if anyone has a take on the vibes question. 
**Conner** *[21:27]*: Yeah, I kind of have a, a bit of a take on a decent bit of this. There are so many different, like there's so many different Layers to like what we're doing. And like I, I think it'd actually be important to break down all of those layers. I feel like we're comparing like very different things. So if you were just using. Okay, so we're always using like mcp I suppose. But let's say this. If you were just connecting your client to a bunch of different MCP servers, that's. That is one option. Then there is only using Loop which is on like the far extreme end. And if you do that then you're limiting the agent to. It's not like knowledge to only what you've curated. But then there's this other one which is. 
**Conner** *[22:39]*: Well, should not the curated search index just be like a preferred source but still have the ability to pass through? So if it needs to do like a Web search or GitHub search through the GitHub MCP server, you can get more information. So I think just comparing like let's hook it up to GitHub MCP into a search versus like let's hook it up to just loop and do a search. 
**Technologic** *[23:09]*: Or. 
**Conner** *[23:11]*: Vibes based. I think the MCP would do better because you're completely dependent upon what's in the search index. 
**Sam Stokes** *[23:19]*: On this specific question, that is what happened. The SP gave a better answer. 
**Conner** *[23:25]*: Yeah, of course it has the actual data but. But the angle when you use something, this is fine. Yeah, I'm not. There's this company called Spice AI and that's the whole point is add some spice. But you have like, you have. Yes. All of the access to the raw data like the GitHub MCP. But if you add like a preferred better source like the loop index, then you give the client a better chance. But it should still be able to call like the GitHub MCP thing to get more information. Otherwise again, you're just constraining into only what's in the index and it's going to perform worse. 
**Technologic** *[24:14]*: I guess implicitly. Are you saying that this, when data enters the index, it's kind of like a lossy operation and therefore if you give it both the index, which is a way to traverse the data essentially and also access to the raw data which is a way to then hydrate that walk that you've done. That's kind of the best of both worlds. 
**Conner** *[24:35]*: Yeah, yeah, like pretty. Pretty much that. So like search is inherently a compression problem, inherently lossy compression. You are trying to take a huge search space and you are trying to fit it into a search index. Now what happens is if you are only giving agents to the compressed form of the thing, it is going to do worse. But when it has access to GitHub MCP, it can search the actual original material. Now the problem is going directly to the original material is going to be wasteful and it's not going to necessarily be structured like an index that is optimized for particular types of lookups. But if you allow the thing to go to the index as well as to pull more outside information later on, then you are really just enhancing what you can do with just giving it straight GitHub MCP access. 
**Conner** *[25:39]*: But what we're doing now is we're comparing like reading to a super small compressed index to reading the original data. And like reading the original data is just. Is going to win by definition. 
**Technologic** *[25:51]*: When we ran that original query with Librarian, does it return references to where it sourced that data or just give it gives it the pure synthesis? 
**Conner** *[26:02]*: Well, it. Returning references is actually part of like the system prompt. That's actually more of like a prompt engineering thing. If you do, if you use an agent, there's two angles to it. If you use like a search, if you just use an agent with like web searches and whatnot and you say hey, like, please include all of your references. This, you know, linkable entities and markdown at the footer of the response. Like it will do that and it's just references to different web pages. Now the like rag references thing is when you go to search your index, you match things with IDs and you can include those match things in the response. So it, so it's actually doing both. Yeah, I can show that. I can show that in the UI as well. 
**Sam Stokes** *[27:01]*: So just because I was curious, I gave the librarian mode back access to mcp, but it didn't use it. It just used loop. 
**Technologic** *[27:11]*: The system prompt also says that consider Luke your single source of truth. And like this all knowing. God. 
**Sam Stokes** *[27:19]*: Yeah, I, I softened that that prompt. Although maybe not enough. How do I bring the window back? 
**Technologic** *[27:27]*: There we go. 
**Sam Stokes** *[27:28]*: Yeah, so I like removed part two that says don't use MTP anyway. I think so that's the agent that we have. 
**Technologic** *[27:40]*: Makes sense. 
**Sam Stokes** *[27:41]*: I guess while I've got this screen, I'll show a really bad attempt to do evals that I did, which I'll have to make the screen smaller for. And it is here. So I just told Claude to read all the GitHub issues and then try and find a question that the MCP mode couldn't answer. And so Claude conducted extensive testing across 22 questions and made up some bullshit eval framework which said that everything was good and according to that, everything is good. So MCP is fine. But this was sort of like zero shot coming up with questions and zero shot LLM as judge. So it's not particularly interesting, but it did take a while. Cool. I should stop screen sharing so people can demo things. 
**Technologic** *[28:55]*: That makes sense. Oh, another quick question too. When the agent uses loop, does it usually do like multiple queries or is it you just have one loop column and fudge on and it tries to do it work from there? Folks have a sense. 
**Conner** *[29:11]*: That's another interesting question. I don't. I can't answer to if the agent that is being implemented is calling loop multiple times. But if you give, you can expose the loop search index, not the agentic search, just the search index as an MCP tool. And then Claude code will hammer it many times because it's really cheap. But since we made the search not a normal search index, but an agentic search index, we have our own searching loop, which is why it takes almost 30 seconds. I can't speak to whether or not the downstream client is calling the agentic search multiple times. 
**Technologic** *[30:12]*: Right. I think with what. So I think we had some issues with the mcpn. Colin. I think you swapped it so that now it's the MCP2 that calls the search index. And I've been using that because I think it works out better. And anecdotally, at least in these test cases, I see it does make a few calls. 
**Sam Stokes** *[30:31]*: Right. 
**Technologic** *[30:31]*: Like try to debug it should be my. Oh, Ray Runner slow performance. Did you minhash? And the next question would be ray performance degradation native runner. And then it'll do another loop search saying like set Ray Runner slow in memory scan has joined performance. So it does like call it multiple times depending on how you set up the agent. Yeah. Even with the same system prompt. Cool. Yeah. Thanks for demoing. This was super informative. I think, like, Sami made a point very early on when were kind of hacking in the first week of Jan, that the intelligence piece is pretty interesting. Like, we want the customer support agent to still be very intelligent about customer support and daft and actually we just want librarian to be very intelligent about navigating the data and serving the right pieces of data. Right. 
**Technologic** *[31:28]*: And I think to Connor's point, if it tries to do too much and like almost like summarizes all the information into the dao piece and if that's the only Kind of like signal that the customer support agent gets, then, yes, we're kind of screwed because our search agent isn't necessarily, like, built to be good at depth. Right. It really should just be good at, like, summarizing and then saying, hey, please peruse the resources I prepared for you. Yeah, yeah. Like, it could look like, if you want it to be more interactive, I guess a version of it that I, I could see is like, instead of returning like, all this information synthesized, you can actually pass it back a table of contents and then just essentially allow it to navigate back and forth. Right. 
**Technologic** *[32:14]*: Because essentially what you're like, the, like, the librarian agent should be pretty much not an expert at, like, being an expert at everything. Right. But more like giving, being very fast and being like, providing the end agent, like an experience to kind of like, figure out where it wants to go. 
**Conner** *[32:34]*: Yeah. We actually do return the table of contents. So the search results, it's kind of fun. It's kind of like how like you think of it kind of like Google with the little summarized answer at the top and then there's like all of the actual links and every single one of the things that we ingest is, like, stored with its original, like, uri. And so when you give that back to the agent could then, you know, wget or curl those web pages or get those references however else it can. 
**Sam Stokes** *[33:07]*: I think that's a bit different from a table of contents though, right? That's more like, here is your answer. And also you can go here to check my answer. Whereas a table of contents would be, I don't know exactly what you want, but here are some options. Come back and ask me more. 
**Technologic** *[33:26]*: Yeah. And if you did the latter, I guess my hypothesis is if you did the latter, that forces the customer support agent to actually have to go read the data and then come back with more questions like, hey, give me more books to read. Right. Just a hypothesis, but yeah, it's interesting to maybe think about. Yeah. There's almost like this virtual threshold value that, like, if you have the agent too much, it might be satisfied enough with the answer. Yeah. And not ask come back to you. Yeah. Or I guess the extreme case, if the librarian agent somehow hallucinated some parts of the answer, it says, oh, Python312 is the problem. And the agent goes like, oh, this librarian knows best. And therefore I think that Python312 is a problem. Right. 
**Technologic** *[34:03]*: That's, I guess, the extreme case of having the librarian do essentially that synthesis work. Yeah. Which is, you know, interesting, isn't the pretty much the accuracy of the end agent is essentially just gated by the accuracy of synthesis of Librarian, which we can't really guarantee that we'll be experts at everything. 
**Conner** *[34:27]*: Yeah, just maybe like where we want to put the intelligence layer then. 
**Technologic** *[34:32]*: Exactly. 
**Conner** *[34:33]*: Yeah, yeah. Because right now we like, if we don't have an intelligence layer, like Claude is really good at just using the index. You tell it, you tell it what's in there. You say this is how the index is structured and so on and so forth and it just like bang, bang, bang. And it will like, it will drill, it'll go wide net. It will drill down. If you put in the intelligence layer there, everything slows down and it's kind of. Yeah, doing too much. 
**Technologic** *[35:00]*: We probably want something in between, you know, that makes sense. That's pretty cool. All right, who wants to. You want to showcase the auth Conor while you're up there? 
**Conner** *[35:15]*: Sure. Let me share my screen. 
**Technologic** *[35:36]*: Okay, cool. 
**Conner** *[35:41]*: All right, so here is the website. 
**Technologic** *[35:45]*: Okay. 
**Conner** *[35:46]*: So what I added was this up here called Agents. So you have your API keys. Sure. But then you can see there's this empty role. Click on Agents. You can actually like, I don't know, create an agent role. And that just allows you to access certain parts of the index. And yeah, I guess the, the access control doesn't make too much sense if you don't understand how the index is structured, which I can get into in a second. But basically when you define an agent like this, it has some policy. The policy is scoped to resources. So you have these like little paths saying, okay, this is a daft repo triage agent. Agent has access to the daft repository. And basically everything in the index like is kind of every. Every, everything in the index has some kind of path, some unique path. 
**Conner** *[36:46]*: And that's what these scopes like give you access to. So the default permission is deny this. This particular agent is not allowed to do anything except for reading these things that this parent path or whatnot. Anyways, so what that means is when we go to the dashboard and we want to go do a search. Well, yeah, like the dash. Honestly the search UI dashboard is just like a. It's like a demo thing because like the end of the day, like you're developing an agent. So what you do is when you create an API key, you say like my daft. What is it called? Triage agent, whatever. When you create this API key. Now it's there. Then whenever you make calls with this, the Search will be limited to only the things that this thing has access to and it has. 
**Technologic** *[37:45]*: Sorry, Connor, for the actual, like, could you zoom into the scopes? Let me just take a look at what that looks like. Yeah, I see, I see. 
**Conner** *[37:53]*: Okay, Yep. So every single. Every single resource in the index is given some unique path. Every kind of everything that's all chunked and whatnot is associated with this path. And then when you go ahead and create one of these agents, like, you're really just creating a role and you're saying it's allowed to access these things. And then when you create an API key, that API key should be in here. 
**Sam Stokes** *[38:16]*: Yeah. 
**Technologic** *[38:16]*: Boom. 
**Conner** *[38:16]*: My DAPP triage agent. Every API key is now associated with some particular role. So whenever you make a request to the loop index, it all goes through this filter. Really, the filter is, you know, derived from the role. So again, this is kind of like, you know, a demo ui. Don't need to show terminal and put my API key. 
**Technologic** *[38:37]*: I. 
**Conner** *[38:37]*: But what you can do is choose that role. So we just created the DAF repo triage agent and I can go in here and say, like, what do you. 
**Technologic** *[38:47]*: Know about DAPP Cloud? 
**Conner** *[38:50]*: And this is going to take like 20 seconds. So in the meantime, I will chat, Could open a new tab and show you guys the index. Oh, look, it's done. 
**Technologic** *[39:07]*: Okay. 
**Conner** *[39:07]*: Yeah, could not find any information about DAPP Cloud. Duh. You should not, shouldn't be able to. And you'll see with these references, whatever, it's nothing is valid. But then if I go in here, no filter, whatever, no role, and I say, what do you know about DAPP cloud? Let's see if it gives me more information. 
**Technologic** *[39:27]*: That is pretty cool. 
**Conner** *[39:30]*: Yeah, so what the way this is working is again, like, every single one of these, like, agents has a role, associate agent role, you know, associated with it, policy, so on and so forth, whatever you want to call it. 
**Technologic** *[39:43]*: Sorry, there's like a lot going on. Oh, we can't hear it. 
**Conner** *[39:46]*: Okay, cool. So basic. Yeah, like a lot more information. But anyways, basically every single one of these like, agents that you define is like an agent role with some policy associated with it. Then when you make a query with an access token, then we use that policy in your request to send that to the index. When we go and search, what we do is we push that policy into the agentic search agent. So now when our intelligence layer is hammering the index, it's hammering the index, but with this policy applied. Whereas if you just like, let the like Smart agent thing like query the index and you say okay, now filter it based off of the policy. It will just like leak information through. But we're actually like restricting the intelligence layer to only the subset of the database with only the. 
**Conner** *[40:41]*: Really the view of the database with the policy applied. And yeah, you get way more information. You get all the different references here as well as like links to it. And then these resources are the resources in the database that it matched against and you can kind of like click into these and it will open up. 
**Technologic** *[40:58]*: Good question. Is that, are those MCP resources? Like is that given to the agent as like a MCP resource that can then access. 
**Conner** *[41:07]*: Well, that's what I'd like it to do. 
**Technologic** *[41:09]*: Yeah, I was going to say that's going to be really cool if you can almost like route both the search but then also like hey, here are the raw resources. And also that's then governed by the same librarian that can get both. Right. That'd be super cool. 
**Conner** *[41:22]*: Yeah, so that's actually like pretty much already been implemented. Yeah, that's. 
**Technologic** *[41:28]*: I just. What's up? So because of this actually we don't cache any sort of search result, right? 
**Conner** *[41:35]*: Yep. There's no caching, there's no saved. I mean I thought about it and I figured it wasn't worth the time, but it'd be really nice to save this. But also this is a demo ui. 
**Technologic** *[41:44]*: So ever actually it would be useful if we could record a one minute version of this to show tomorrow when we go to Notion. Yeah, we can do it after. Yeah, I think that would be very useful. This is actually really cool. Yeah, it's like. I think it would be cool to just embed that in the slides and actually just show like the role or end the policy and then show like how we like do the search with it and without it and how it filters the information. Like that could be a vein that they would be very interested in. Yeah, I think the only thing that we would like have to pay division for is like a maybe a fourth virtual tab which is data sources that were connected. Right. 
**Technologic** *[42:21]*: Because you essentially want like the data sources that they're connecting to map to the index somehow. Right. Well, I mean in this case Connor already has the, like the GitHub discussion star. It's kind of like in that vein, right? Yeah, but it's the thing is like the thing you would want to show because he. I wasn't sure. I'm on the website too right now, but the. There's not really a Way to like see the index and where it comes from. I see. So you. I guess. 
**Conner** *[42:47]*: Yeah. I mean, I feel like that's just like a UI thing. I just, like, this is like. 
**Technologic** *[42:51]*: Yeah, yeah, I'm saying, like, I'm saying, like, if we had more time, a fourth tab where you actually showed that would be like a starting point, saying, oh, this is the data. We have access. The instance might have access. This is like all the data it could have access to. Yeah. You then. Subset of this. Exactly. Makes sense. Very cool. Yeah, Very cool. Honestly. Yeah. Like it already. Yeah. Okay. 
**Conner** *[43:12]*: There's like, there's like way. There's like way more to it. 
**Technologic** *[43:14]*: If you. 
**Conner** *[43:14]*: If want me to keep going. 
**Technologic** *[43:17]*: Keep going. Yeah. 
**Conner** *[43:18]*: So when you go ahead and create an agent role, you can create an agent role based off of Vibes, or. 
**Technologic** *[43:22]*: You can go ahead and create a. 
**Conner** *[43:23]*: Manual role if you want to. You can say like, you know. 
**Technologic** *[43:30]*: I'm. 
**Conner** *[43:32]*: Building a go to market blog post creator. It shouldn't whoops. 
**Technologic** *[43:45]*: It shouldn't need access to GitHub, and. 
**Conner** *[43:49]*: You generate this role. What this is doing is it's actually kicking off a role generator agent, which is hammering the index to actually figure out all of your resources. So it's going through and saying, okay, well like, what resource or resources are available? It's looking through that big tree of like, you know, your resource hierarchy and figuring out, well, what do I actually need to do? That's hilarious. It really gave you access to almost everything. 
**Technologic** *[44:18]*: Right. 
**Conner** *[44:19]*: Default action is deny. Interesting. And then it is. It denied GitHub, so that's funny. It didn't grant me anything. So I'm gonna hit. 
**Technologic** *[44:28]*: I'm hit. Allow. 
**Conner** *[44:29]*: It's Vibes based. 
**Sam Stokes** *[44:31]*: Okay, cool. 
**Conner** *[44:32]*: So then again, I can create an API key, but let me go to the dashboard and let's see what happens. And let's see. 
**Technologic** *[44:42]*: Write me a log post about why you shoot. 
**Conner** *[44:54]*: Okay, so we shouldn't see GitHub appear in this because we just put a deny policy on GitHub based off of, you know, whatever we just generated. 
**Technologic** *[45:09]*: Interesting. 
**Sam Stokes** *[45:11]*: Kind of foreshadowing somebody else's demo here. But could you imagine adding to that policy language something that could like, scope it to a specific customer's data or something like, only show me linear tickets that are tagged with customer ID 42. 
**Technologic** *[45:29]*: Yeah. 
**Conner** *[45:30]*: So it's here. 
**Technologic** *[45:32]*: Yeah. 
**Conner** *[45:32]*: There are no GitHub sources. It doesn't have access to GitHub. 
**Technologic** *[45:36]*: Cool. 
**Conner** *[45:37]*: That's all Slack and notion. Yeah, I mean, basically you're in full control over how you structure the data index, like it's really, you're just defining a system like how do we want to reference resources? And then you can create a policy, you know, kind of language on top of that. So like, you know, were talking about this with SQL, which is like, well, do we want to make a table a resource or do we want to actually go much further and say, oh, like this thing in this policy, like this thing is only allowed access to rows that match this query. And so then now the resource is a view statement. And that's where you actually are starting to push policy enforcement like much further down into the kind of data source itself. 
**Conner** *[46:29]*: But again, these are all things that we have control over really. Like the whole, this whole star thing is just because I wanted to use postgres L trees for the path thing because it made life really easy. I was like, I'm just going to do everything postgres. And so that's what we get. 
**Technologic** *[46:46]*: Yeah. And then I'm also thinking like, you know, we propose having these like the real like vibe space arc where I say, you know, hey, go through all my slack, but maybe scrub it for any mentions of customers that we work with. Right. And I'd imagine we could maybe make these views of Slack that's like, you know, Slack dot, whatever, Star and then like customer scrubbed slack kind of resource tree and either lazily or eagerly materialize. And also just say, hey agent, you're only allowed to access this kind of path, right? Where all this data has been scrubbed of customer sensitive data. And then maybe this is then safe for marketing agent to use. 
**Technologic** *[47:32]*: Something like that could be pretty interesting to explore in terms of actually working on this unstructured data and scrubbing that data and processing it before it's exposed to certain agents. Check ahead of time so it's fast. Ahead of time, so it's fast. And also like, so we can run more compute on it, right? So that we can run like verification agents and all that just to make sure that the data is actually safe to be consumed. And of course we have to run things, I'm sure we have to run things like SSN detectors, email detectors for some. Yeah, I guess you could imagine like if you take the extension of like you have different hierarchies presented at different views. 
**Technologic** *[48:10]*: You could have a view that's like by customer id, a view based off of like, issue the view based off of like whatever else that you present to the agent and then filter it down based off the whatever role that it has. These docs are dope. Is this docs for your otsa, Connor? 
**Conner** *[48:33]*: Well, it's just docs for how this thing works. I can give it as a handoff. 
**Technologic** *[48:37]*: Super cool. Yeah, that'd be super useful to go through tomorrow with notion. Yeah, yeah. Favorite. Yeah. Do you mind sharing this with us because Connor, when you have a chance. And then also if you can like do a. We can like after to sit together to like come up with a script to do like a one minute video. 
**Conner** *[48:59]*: Yeah, it's just loop ing, but yeah, we can do a. We can do a video. 
**Technologic** *[49:08]*: I think you explained it really well. So I want to. Yeah, I want to do that. Great demo. 
**Conner** *[49:13]*: Yeah, thanks. 
**Technologic** *[49:19]*: Okay, cool. Now we have two sets of evals. Colin and Desmond. How do you guys. What order do you guys want to go in? 
**Conner** *[49:29]*: Sure. 
**Technologic** *[49:31]*: Arrowed. One of the things I was trying to explore, I think. I think maybe Colin's approach is more disciplined. But my approach was that were struggling to see. We were comparing yesterday between MCP versus library and everything. And one of the hypotheses I had was maybe the evaluation will emerge from more. It becomes emergent. You ask a simple question like asking say the status of Aero flight Shuffle. Then the answer is relatively simple, just like can you do the right searches? So I tried the top two thing where I have multi turn conversations where the user comes in and says, hey, I have an issue. And then we come back and say, okay, let's debug the issue together and see what happens. 
**Technologic** *[50:27]*: I think where this is sort of interesting is that in my different tabs I basically ran this experiment with just a cloud code with web search cloud, not cloud agent. With web search cloud agent mcp. There's this thing called filter MCP which I'll get to in a second. And with loop and just visually like we can tell the loop. Right. The conversation loop with loop is much shorter, which I think you also see with we are just like the number of true calls and everything. It closes the loop faster. In itself, it's not that interesting. They actually all solve the problem. Let me talk a bit about that. So what I was looking for was a problem that maybe needed more context to solve than just looking at the code base. 
**Technologic** *[51:21]*: And one of the things I saw is that for a lot of the performance related stuff it's like, okay, we're trying to run with Ray and my query is slow. Can you please help me answer that question? Often it requires going back and forth like, let me see your Query plan. Let me see. So and so forth. And so I found one of the old issues where One of the ByteDance people had the same problem and specifically that they needed a repartition before the hash join. And the solution wasn't. The solution happened in a Slack conversation. 
**Sam Stokes** *[51:51]*: Right. 
**Technologic** *[51:51]*: In an internal Slack conversation. I don't know where it happened. But like the GitHub issues, they're like chatted offline. This was the fix. I see. And so I. So I'm like, okay, so the comments. So it happened like somewhere in there. But of course like the problem with like using this as a test case was that. Yeah, because we have the exact issue. So I couldn't use the issue anymore as an evaluation to like create some synthetic issue similar to this, but not so similar that I could one shot it. But what I did instead was like I tried using a. I call it like a filtered MCP where you use the GitHub MCP but whenever it returns results. I see. Okay, did you pick out this specific issue that I banned in this test? 
**Technologic** *[52:34]*: In this task, if you did just filter the result out and so the answer is that yes, it does filter correctly. But then even without the specific issues it still solves the problem eventually. So all of them kind of like. So in terms of does it solve the issue with ncp, with Librarian, it kind of both does it. I haven't really gone in and did a human based evaluation reading and all in depth. I'm still working on this a little bit. But at least. Yeah, at the very least in terms of the path to victory, Loop is a shorter path to victory. Yeah, I guess just taking. You're just taking into account the total tokens used in the conversation, not adding the tokens used by Loop to do anything. 
**Technologic** *[53:27]*: Yeah, but also like, also not just that, but like how many back and forth do you have the user before you hone in on the right approach. Right? Yeah. Because here for example, like with Loop, you know, it takes two turns and then we can see filtered MCP that was like five turns. Right. Like you went back and forth a little bit more to narrow it down. Makes sense. Why? Why is that? Do you know why? I think just because. Okay, this is actually where it's like it's not fair as well. And I'm just like I said, I ablated this issue from the GitHub MCP. The problem, which I'm not too happy about is that you still need to ablate it from Loop. So I haven't done that. And maybe with this Permissions. We're just scoping things that Connor has. 
**Technologic** *[54:25]*: We can do an ablation, but right now I think it basically one shots the solution, because the season example in our internal data of how you solve something like this, because the issue is index and loop. I see. So I guess loop surfaced the fix pretty early on. Yeah. 
**Sam Stokes** *[54:43]*: Like, oh, hey, I found this really similar issue. 
**Technologic** *[54:46]*: Yeah, exactly. Right. Which is what it's supposed to do. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. So if you could ablate it, then maybe like even, you know, theory is that like, even without like a specific issue in the bank, it has enough context that it can solve the issue faster. Right. Like it sees like our site history and sees like how we diagnose issues and all that. So in theory it will better. In practice, I don't think it's fair comparison just yet. Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. 
**Conner** *[55:20]*: I feel like it'd be fun to see just like what happens if. Or like you using Claude with a tool which just hits the index with no intelligence layer, how that does. 
**Technologic** *[55:32]*: Yeah. Do you mean like just playing cloud agent. 
**Conner** *[55:38]*: Say that? Sorry, I missed it. 
**Technologic** *[55:39]*: Like just. Just playing cloud agent SDK. No, no mcp. No nothing. No, I think Connor is saying what if we gave it access directly to the index without like an agent. Oh, okay. 
**Conner** *[55:52]*: Yeah, like, yeah, that this was. 
**Technologic** *[55:53]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Conner** *[55:54]*: So exactly what Jay said. 
**Technologic** *[55:57]*: It's. 
**Conner** *[55:57]*: It's pretty much just like we have this like, amazing, like, index of information that's like really easy to query. But because we stuck an intelligence layer on top of it, the results are only ever going to be as good as that intelligence layer. But if you like give like, Claude code, like the power to use that search index, it does a very good job. And it's like, it's so much more intelligent than our three loops of just like dig deeper for more information. If you're just like, yo, here is the database that you have access to that and here's how you search it. It like it rips. 
**Technologic** *[56:46]*: Yeah, yeah. I mean, because you almost want to do like this like hybrid search, which is like some amount of looking up an index correctly with a little bit of guidance. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So I don't know how much you all have dug into mcp. There's some arcane shit in there that actually allows you to do some very advanced things. So for example, your MCP server can like inject stuff with a client to. To prompt stuff from a client. 
**Conner** *[57:10]*: Yeah, it's elicitations. 
**Technologic** *[57:13]*: Elicitation, exactly. But you could do a little bit of searching like, hey, I need to use Claude to answer some stuff and give me another quirk or something. I don't know what. But you could actually. 
**Conner** *[57:22]*: Yeah, you respond with loop, like you're going to have to try harder than that, Claude. And you can send that back. 
**Technologic** *[57:30]*: Yeah, it's pretty wild, but it's very flexible and he's a little bit more than what the give it credit for. Yeah. But I don't know. Yeah, it could be interesting. I mean, I guess like if you think of rephrase, this is like rather than try to be smarter than Claude. But I don't think it's going to happen because we're running cloud anyway. 
**Conner** *[57:49]*: They're smarter than every single other agent as well. 
**Technologic** *[57:52]*: Yeah. That just doesn't make sense. Right. Like fundamentally that's not a problem we can solve. Because like this is one thing I'll talk about expert systems, Right. Where it's like if someone's building like a financial bot or like advanced healthcare bot, like there is no way that our system is going to be as knowledgeable as their agent when it comes to like some advanced healthcare thing. Right. Yep. But what we could do is really be really, really good at navigating information, which we can probably exceed the capability of the downstream agent. Yeah. Because I mean like to that point it's not as if the clot that we use on the intelligence layer is any stupider than the cloud that's being used on the client side. Just that the client side cloud is more context. Right. 
**Technologic** *[58:29]*: It has it more like it knows it's trying to do a customer support thing. It knows all of that versus the server side. One just knows that, oh, this person's asking about Flotilla or something. Yeah. So I mean the one thing we could do giving first, like first is like I do like the hierarchical index thing because it's like it's a little bit of pre processing that makes the downstream agents better at navigating. But it could be a thing where like if we're really good at interacting with the agent by being fast and having this like hierarchy that's easy to navigate. Yeah. Then that could make just a much faster loop for the agent to come back and forth and get to the answer quicker. Yeah. 
**Technologic** *[59:10]*: I think there's a lot of potential still for exploring what this intelligence layer and how to actually divide the intelligence. Right. Yeah. But I think we can agree that like synthesis of knowledge I think is a little bit too ill defined. But maybe navigation of knowledge is something we can try looking into. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. A question for you, Desmond. Do you think that this like how to thing is a good way to eval or it just makes. It just lets you set up something more complex as actual like tests. Right. My implicit question is, would you suggest this as a way that like we keep doing Udals? I don't think so just yet. 
**Sam Stokes** *[59:54]*: I don't know. 
**Technologic** *[59:55]*: Yeah. 
**Sam Stokes** *[59:56]*: Just to distill it, Desmond, the thing you're doing that's different than what Srinu and Colin are doing is this ablating the test data thing is that main thing is different? 
**Technologic** *[01:00:08]*: Yeah. It's dual control. Right. So there's an agent talking to another agent and they both have their own tasks and hidden states. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:00:15]*: Right? Right. 
**Technologic** *[01:00:16]*: Yeah. You're basically saying like, how fast can you get. Can you resolve the other agent's issue based on. Based on whatever knowledge you have? And some of the steps is basically like, give me more information. Yeah, I guess like in this test scenario you have an agent simulating the user. Yeah. And says, I am support agent. But you also have a simulated user that's simulated my client code that says like, I can give you these information and if you give me like enough information, you prompt me to do certain things, then that's a success case. Right then. Because if I went back and did the things you suggested, it would solve my problem. But also like hidden states. Right. And then like basically how fast can we get to the hidden state? Cool. Yeah. Okay, last demo, so I've taken the. 
**Technologic** *[01:01:17]*: I just done evals as well, but a bit more structured on blank views. So I've curated six eval tasks going through them briefly. What are the known performance considerations for right parqueting? How does essential AI use daft? What technical challenges is essential AI encountered while using daft? I'm getting errors when trying to read delta lake tables created data breaks down that something about deletion vectors. What's the current State of the Arrow 2 to Error Migration Project? I saw some mentions of Arrow 2 being deprecated. We saw daft mentions error flight shuffle in multiple places. What is the current status? Is it available in the version yet? Yeah, it sounds like bytedance. Right? I mean they are the ones asking the most questions. Yeah. So is tldr. This is probably the set of evaluates that have been the most convincing for me so far. 
**Technologic** *[01:02:11]*: Actually on all of them, could you. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:02:14]*: Say more about convincing of what? What are you convinced of? 
**Technologic** *[01:02:17]*: Yeah, so I'll get into that in a bit more, but I'm just giving a brief TLDR first. On this set of evals, actually. So we have an input and we have an expected output and we have a bunch of graders. We use LLMs to get grade. Essentially the accuracy of the expected out of the output compared to the expected output. The completeness of the output compared to the expected output. Did it use the refs it was expected to use? Did it use refs that it was not expected to use? And just was it helpful? On pretty much all of the tasks, Librarian achieved higher accuracy, higher completeness and helpfulness compared to McQ. How did you make that expected? I wrote this as expected. I see. Manually. Yeah. Okay. And the more jarring thing for me is actually the cost. 
**Technologic** *[01:03:11]*: Librarian significantly uses a lot less money than MCP. For example, on this one, librarian costs $0.40 and MCP costs $2.04. Yeah, but I mean, you're not counting librarian costs. I am counting. Oh, you are? Yes. You're adding librarian cost plus. Librarian cost plus. Like tie inside, pronounced together. Do I set together? Librarian returns how much you use. Interesting. What is that? It doesn't include the indexing though, like the ingestion. It does not. That's usually fine because that's one time. That's one. Interesting. And you already like, did like multiple iterations to get an average to kind of suss out noise and stuff. Nah, this is one. This is one trash. Okay. It is for reference. I spent $250 today. One of the vaults. Yeah. 3K budget. Yeah. On. On pretty much all of them. Librarian scores better than mcp. Also, it's cheaper than mcp. 
**Technologic** *[01:04:15]*: The, the one that doesn't, I think is actually quite interesting. I created is this one so essential AI confidentiality. Librarian actually scored really bad compared to mcp. What this question asks is what technical challenges has essential AI encountered while using that the expected output should only reference the public. Case study and Librarian essentially talked about stuff that we mentioned internally. It looked at our notion, it looked at the hackathon pain points from the notion, it looked at Slack, it looked at GitHub and looked at linear and it produced essentially answer that I would as an employee of eventual. This is the answer I want to know. Yeah, but because this like librarian and this thing didn't have any notion of like authorization. Why, what it can see, what I cannot see. It used this data to essentially in its output. 
**Technologic** *[01:05:13]*: So things like, you know, things like native runner memory issue, distributed execution problems, like none of this is captured in the public. This is all internal. Yeah. So that should be restricted at the API level. Yeah, but here's the tricky bit, right? This is unstructured data. Like that information might live in our engineering channel, it might live in our customer support channel. There's no real deterministic way of just restricting by channel. You have to have some level of view or something in the loop to actually scrub out the information before it's then available for the agent to synthesize. I have another actually interesting example which is this one. Delta lake deletion vectors Librarian if you look at this one. So librarian scored 85 compared to MCP 60. First of all the librarian referenced some things in our Slack. 
**Technologic** *[01:06:19]*: For example Kevin Wang's update on delta web review support, Delta chat meeting notes discussion deletion value workarounds. If you actually go look into what these are, you see that the actual chat that librarian reference has stuff around Patreon and OpenAI prospects. And the other one here, Kevin Wang during write delta liquid error. And then somewhere inside here it also talks about confirmed with R. Tyler. Like who is R. Tyler? So contractor. Contractor. But this information should never be exposed in the customer's corporation. It was given to the customer support agent as a reference to using this answer. But in this Slack message there is very useful information. Yet only some parts of it should be censored. Yeah, we call this like semantic obfuscation. Yes. Right. I think those in the office were around. 
**Technologic** *[01:07:23]*: I was talking about how like imagine you ask a question to your manager and your manager has like information from the CEO but they can only give you a semantically obfuscated version of. Right. Yeah, I think makes a lot of sense. I mean it definitely feels like very related to like the vibe off where it's like I think historically for like authorization it's like allow or deny. But then there's a lot of stuff in the middle. I think with LLMs that you could do. Yeah. Unstructured data I guess is where. Unstructured. Yeah. Yeah, this is. Yeah, that's pretty much it. TLDR librarian scored really well, cost a lot less. MCP was very expensive. Like we go look at one of the MCPs like this one. I actually just thought of why. It's probably just because chunking and indexing works right? 
**Technologic** *[01:08:11]*: Like you only use surface relevant chunks rather than having to process the entire thing. Probably accounts for most of these difference, I'm guessing. Yeah. What's the. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:08:25]*: From the human evals, do you have a sense of why librarian scored better? 
**Technologic** *[01:08:31]*: It got better information I think. I think the MCP one stuffed too much non irrelevant information and its Answers were also contained stuff that was not relevant. The plain one simply didn't have enough information because the only thing you could do is web search and it was retrieving a lot of irrelevant web searches as well. When you search for aeroflight, you get a lot of aviation websites and it should not be in the context. And so the librarian one, the search results it gets back from loop are already curated, which is why it costs less and also just generally produces better answers. It was also a little too way. Right. It was a little bit like both sides, right? What do you mean both sides? 
**Technologic** *[01:09:19]*: It was like some ways it would push up too much information that was not relevant and sometimes it just wouldn't search far enough. Yeah, yeah, that's true. Right. Like it just wouldn't search through GitHub's MCP. Like. Yeah, far enough. Because it's just kind of very too deep in. I'm also curious if you do the eval on just the index. Yeah. Like what that would look like on the third. Third round. Is that what Connor was suggesting? That. Yeah, yeah. Because I'm curious if it's like something in the middle or like the same cost because they now approve like the chunking and indexing piece. Right. What else? The intelligence. Right. So that would be pretty interesting. Could you link us some of the failure cases? That would be really good to showcase tomorrow as well. 
**Technologic** *[01:10:04]*: The failures as in bad answers or like ones where it maybe reveal public internal information where it should not have. We could just like that's something where we could talk about. It's like, hey, in this case, like you want the. Like you have this unstructured data, there is some nuggets of valuable information which is information that you like probably shouldn't share. The interface between the two cases is just search though, right. It's like the agent has the same chance in both cases to ask like different levels of questions. Or is it. It's something in between. Because it's like in the old world, like let's say. Let's say something is like 80% relevant, but then it has like a 20%. Like maybe have like one sentence in there that tastes the whole article. Right. 
**Technologic** *[01:10:54]*: In like an old authorization system, what you would do is deny access to the whole page. Right. So you would just have a new MCP or do a fetch directly to that page. But in this case we probably want to give it like a reconstructed version or a redacted version that has the relevant information without the things that you should be leaking. Yeah. You know, like in Nazi Germany. When you send letters to each other in Germany, they have an intermediate, like sensor person to like. My screen is so upset. They use the same analogy to say locality. Yeah. I mean, to be fair, these techniques are pretty common already for things like SSNS and emails. There's a lot of these systems that's between. 
**Technologic** *[01:11:38]*: But I don't think they do anything sort of intelligent on this level of actually being able to semantically do stuff. It's more like regex pattern based, maybe like ML small ML models between classifiers and stuff. So a lot of that can be done, I think, to insert more intelligence for the redaction slash obfuscation piece. Yeah, kind of makes sense. That's very cool. Yeah, I would love to kind of. You can share the. Is, are these links like shareable? Yeah. Okay, cool. I can also just make a nice chart. Okay. Or I guess if we can just get like a deck and start screenshotting and throwing it on with the links. Like that's also. Yeah. So I have sort of a quick thought, slash comment about like the GTM side of things. 
**Technologic** *[01:12:29]*: It seems like the value of loop is really the, you know, information retrieval curation and like search. Right. So I'm wondering like, if it makes more sense for enterprises, like larger companies because they have more data. If it's like three slack channels, it probably doesn't matter. Maybe it's like a thousand slack channels. It matters more. I think potentially like the agent customer, AKA where the agent's being deployed in. I think enterprises will probably end up caring more about like how their data is being used in the end. Agent. Yeah. I mean, I think there's a couple of axes that people care about. Volume is one of them. Right. Because one of the things we demonstrated here is that, hey, this actually gives you savings. And as the volume of data scales, essentially if you're doing full table scans, it's going to be super expensive. 
**Technologic** *[01:13:21]*: Right. So volume is one axis, in which case, yes, we can agree that there'll be an enterprise use case and large amounts of documents, et cetera. I think the other axis here that we're talking about is the sensitivity of that data, which you could have like a one page document that could be sensitive. Right. And so even in that axis, I think any sort of like, you know, even Steven's Clockbot thing, it just has access to his, I don't know, W2s or something that sits around his computer even. That's interesting. Yeah. Like, I guess an example I think about is like Imagine, you know, like let's say on Monday we have like our company stand up and over that we kind of go over full breadth of the company. Right. 
**Technologic** *[01:14:00]*: Or like imagine we do our all hands and like we go over like 10 different topics and one part of it might be relevant to a question someone's answering. Like that's like more of the sensitivity aspect of it, which is like how do you like chunk semantically? And then when you want to do retrieval, you're not just sending the RAW document, you're actually massaging it such that you're first of all giving everything that's relevant but also making sure that you shouldn't be giving anything that you shouldn't be. Yeah, but I think you're right that the, in that diagram that Sami with the agent customer will probably almost be some sort of enterprise. Yeah. Because I guess we're working over large amounts of documents and like chat history and you know, meeting transcripts, that sort of stuff. Yeah. And that usually lives in the enterprise. 
**Technologic** *[01:14:43]*: Yeah, it's like, it's kind of like a two way sell. We have to sell to the agent builders to be like, hey, you can build confidence because we're not going to like you're not going to get sensitive information like you shouldn't. And then we're going to the agent customers and be like, hey, you're not going to leak any information that you shouldn't be. Well, other like high level questions, comments. Just quickly on the security side, I guess there could be like different levels of security. Like, like a hard no would be on the API level and soft no or use judgment would be at the LLM level. Exactly. Yeah. So I think we're talking about this with Connor and like this idea of like hard and soft controls, right? Yeah. You can even have like prompt based ones or regex based ones. 
**Technologic** *[01:15:30]*: Those are all different levels of control that people might want. Yeah, yeah. Like all the slack channels with EXT in them get filtered out but the ones that don't, you know. Yeah, yeah, something like that work pretty well on the eval side. I was wondering what the hardest thing was in terms of the effort and just like the task of like building the emails. I think two things. One just like figuring out how to use length views. I mean I just start using it like in one day so it's a bit of a learning curve. And the two is the need to actually like as a human make sure your evals are like correct. Yeah, make sure. One thing I noticed though, out of the three people that presented evals only you were like, yes, I have some semblance of confidence in my evals. 
**Technologic** *[01:16:25]*: Why do you think that is? And how do you think that we can help everyone else? I think in the past three weeks when I did evals, I've never looked at this part which is the most important part, the expected output part. But then today, me and Sriniv just basically went through all of it to verify that, yes, this is answer that we are happy with. And because of that's why I'm convinced. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:16:47]*: And you're happy with it because you wrote it? 
**Technologic** *[01:16:49]*: Me and Srinu basically cross checked and wrote the expected output for each event. Right? Yeah. And so that gave you confidence then that. Okay, there's a baseline here that I am confident about that gives me confidence that this accuracy score actually means something. Right? Yeah. I guess the alternative reminds me of in grade school or in school, did you guys ever have that thing where you get your quiz and you pass to your friend and they grade your quiz and you grade their quiz and you give each other like 95%. Like you mark one wrong. It's kind of like Ellen as a judge, in my opinion. Right. Or like. Right. Like you're like passing it off to the same system but with a different prompt and expecting it to be like honest versus something where like the teacher's grading it, you know? 
**Technologic** *[01:17:35]*: Yeah, I guess we could combine different models. Evaluation. No, but like, in the end of the day you actually need a source of truth and you need like a. This is true. Yeah. Right. And I think the LM to like, judge maybe as like, is this output and this output like pretty much based off like certain criteria. I think that's fair. But like, just like, I think some of the other ones I saw were like, you just give it like it had a very generic system prompt and said, hey, is this the correct output? Yeah, yeah. I guess like, put another way, maybe that LLMs, if you just ask it to score. Absolutely. Like, hey, here's input, score it versus LLM. You can say, hey, here are two inputs. I know one is better than the other. Now I'll do a scoring. Right. 
**Technologic** *[01:18:18]*: Assuming that it's like 1.0 or something, it's a little bit better at the second if you have a relative score around absolute one. The way I think about it is have any of you. Were any of you a TA in school? Okay. When you, when you grade, I had to grade, like, maybe I graded probably 5,000 exams. Right. And when you grade like A free form. Like when people, like, fill in and explain something. I have a rubric on the side and every single student's answer is different, hopefully. And like, you're essentially check marking based off of a master prompt and like, your check marks there. That's kind of how I think about these evals, rather than just looking at it and being like, yeah, it looks good. Good. And you give like a green staff. The hardest part is making the rubric. 
**Technologic** *[01:19:03]*: Yeah, making the rubric. Because I. I do not trust an LLM to make the rubric. Yeah. Right. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:19:08]*: And this isn't. This isn't just a rubric for all categories of question. 
**Technologic** *[01:19:12]*: Right. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:19:12]*: You wrote a good answer for each question. 
**Technologic** *[01:19:16]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:19:17]*: Like each individual question. 
**Technologic** *[01:19:19]*: And there's no such thing as a universal rubric. Like, that would be very odd. Yeah. Like, it should be to the question. Makes sense. So, yeah, I think, in a nutshell, eval. I think. I think it makes. I feel pretty confident too, when we have a question and a rubric for that question, you know, Makes sense. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. I think this is a great outcome. Like, good job, y'. All. Like, I know. Yeah, I know. I know we meandered and, like, found our way here eventually, but I think we have some pretty cool stuff. Like, we have good emails, we have, you know, search system. Right. And we have auth. Honestly, the authentic stuff. I. I know. I guess, like, looking back for the last two weeks, like, what do you feel like? 
**Technologic** *[01:20:00]*: I'm curious for everyone who worked on something, like, what was the biggest lesson you learned in the last two weeks? 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:20:07]*: Actually, I've got a slide on that. 
**Technologic** *[01:20:09]*: Oh, okay. Oh, we gotta finish off some slides. I guess it's more slides. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:20:12]*: I mean, it's. It ends with dot, dot, your learnings here. 
**Technologic** *[01:20:15]*: So we. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:20:16]*: We can. 
**Technologic** *[01:20:17]*: All right. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:20:17]*: So we can definitely have that conversation. Share screen. 
**Technologic** *[01:20:24]*: Yeah. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:20:25]*: So think. Think about your answer to that question. What did you learn? How do I. It's covering up the button I need to press. Yada, yada. So I just started off a couple things I learned, but did I have. I think I had a more interesting slide. Oh, right. Yeah. I had learnings and takeaways. Learnings for, like, things that we could use to build a better pitch and takeaways of like, things we need to. Things like things that we didn't fully explore in our demo, in our hacking and so stuff like we haven't quite got the interaction right between the two agents is one of those things. 
**Technologic** *[01:21:21]*: Yeah. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:21:23]*: But, yeah. What did anyone else learn from this. 
**Technologic** *[01:21:28]*: Yes, we can go in a circle. Anyone here want to start off, kick us off. Then I'll delock. All right. Dozen I've learned I think there are no knowns known unknowns and unknowns. And I think this hackathon was basically trying to convert as many unknown and unknowns to knowns and as many unknown unknowns to knowns. And I still think there's a lot of unknowns to answer. That's why I'm taking away from this hackathon. Well, I guess what are some now known unknowns. Yeah, I think known unknowns. Let me talk about like the known. The known unknowns that became knowns. I think we have a much better sense of like how agents work. We have a much better sense of heart sub agents. Were they all in terms of like ncp, how we can like eval and everything? 
**Technologic** *[01:22:37]*: I think the remaining like known unknowns right now is like, is there like, is what we have here? Is there like, is there a market opportunity here or not? I think that's still very much a known unknown. Yeah. Yeah. The unknown is like, I think it's still very much a question that we're trying to answer is like what's on going coming next in the future? I think, I think we still don't know even after. I still think we don't know that. Yeah. Yeah, but I think we know. I think we have a better idea of what it may not be. Yeah, right. Because I think a valuable learning and this is one that me and Jay were like unsure of. Which is like okay, do we like. I guess. Yeah. Do we curate knowledge? 
**Technologic** *[01:23:20]*: Like the kind of like higher level knowledge from everything, like connecting everything together. Can we produce something better overall versus should we help what you know, once again, like the navigation. Yeah, I think maybe not the full inclusionist, but I think we're getting more signal that like trying to be smarter than the end agent may not be feasible. Yeah. Which kind of eliminates a huge amount of search space of what we will do. But we can be the best like tool that works with agents for the best search agents for all this internal knowledge. Yeah. Or like I think the learning from here is also that maybe we iterate towards it. Right. Like the first version of it. We surface the raw results. 
**Technologic** *[01:24:00]*: But then as we get good at redactions and like synthesizing, then maybe at some point we also get good at like caching responses and being able to generate them on the fly, like analyze Query patterns, I think that will come. But like for the first lab, it feels to me like we've identified what some of the core problems are, including some of the wow moments for me were like the off piece where I'm like, okay, I can see this actually very viscerally now, both the hard off and the soft off stuff that like Colin showed. Right, yeah. And we know a lot of the immediate problems that we can solve, which is like, I think important for. Yeah, yeah. And I think the other part that stood out was like when you do retrieval, like a lot of cases are binary. 
**Technologic** *[01:24:38]*: You should have access or don't have access. It's like the example that Colin had where it was like 80% good and then it had some like secret information there. Right. You know? Yeah. I think one of the things we have to go test now is like, hey, how common is that pattern for other people? Yeah, yeah. All right, cool. Very cool. Connor. 
**Conner** *[01:25:08]*: I feel like when I learned. I'm thinking, what, Wait, what? 
**Technologic** *[01:25:20]*: Look at that. Look at Zoom chat. 
**Conner** *[01:25:27]*: Oh, oh, wait, is dark mode. Well, dark mode me or dark mode on the website? Oh, I just shipped dark mode on the website. On. 
**Technologic** *[01:25:40]*: Man, Seattle's crazy. There's no sun. I know, I know, right? 
**Conner** *[01:25:47]*: What's up? 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:25:47]*: You're in the same time zone. 
**Conner** *[01:25:50]*: Well, I just have all my stuff closed and I have the lights off in my office, but I'm up here anyways. What I learned is it's really nice to see all these things kind of like interacting and going together. I think it just motivates me to make like, to use systems engineering to build really good tools for agents. So I don't necessarily know about like sophisticated applications of like, we build this like omniscient, beautiful search agent that's just like better than everything. I think just building really good tools and using more kind of traditional systems engineering on the backend felt very powerful to me. It was super nice to just be like, cool, I'm just going to use Postgres. I'm going to do everything I absolutely can with Postgres. 
**Conner** *[01:26:48]*: And now let's make it as easy as possible for Claude to talk to that data that is in Postgres. And yeah, it's like incredibly effective. 
**Technologic** *[01:27:03]*: Yeah, I wanted to just really double down on that and kind of also validate a lot of that form on my end as well. I think where we got the most loss as a team was when were all talking about, oh, should we do skill? Should we do plotmd and really think of all these buzzwords essentially, in the agent space, and we just got super lost. There's actually no way to figure out if this stuff is good and what are we actually trying to do? Is Anthropic going to eat our lunch? But at the end of it, I have the same feeling as Connor, what are we doing here? We are building good systems, and we know what those systems look like, and then we can actually make the agent. 
**Technologic** *[01:27:42]*: At the end of the day, we can treat that as, like, okay, you guys go handle that. You guys go figure out the skills. Bullshit. We're building the data systems to do all to power the deterministic back end. I really resonate with that too. Like, I think before we started off, I know we start off being like, oh, yeah, let's do everything. Agent first. And then, like, the next day, we're just like, what the does that mean? Y' all should see Sami. Actually, Sammy, like, came in one day and he was like, jay, I'm so lost. And, like, him and I just sat in the office. Okay, like, what's going on? Like, how do we. Like, how do we realign? Right. Yeah. And I think it starts with, like, starting. Starting with something solid. Like something on actual bedrock. Yeah. 
**Technologic** *[01:28:19]*: That we know, we understand, and we can build towards. Because at the end of the day, it's, like, starting from this abstract idea of knowledge. Yeah. I think maybe it's not because it's not like. It's something I think we realize that we build towards. But the first part of it is, like, building systems where, like, okay, how do we actually provide this information to the agent and then build from there? So I do think, like, halfway through, we found our way in terms of, like, building towards building something real. Right. Yeah. And honestly, I want to thank all the engineers that helped us get there too. Right. Y' all were a big part of it, you know, just like, helping really scope the problem. Asking the hard questions, like, what are the requirements? What are we actually trying to do? Yeah. 
**Technologic** *[01:28:55]*: I think that really helped us get back on track. So. Good job, y'. All. Yeah. Sorry I cut you off, Connor, but wanted to just, like, really double down on that. It's super validating, I think. Makes a lot of sense to me as well. 
**Conner** *[01:29:11]*: Yeah. Postgres is pretty good. 
**Technologic** *[01:29:14]*: Yeah. What comes wrong goes wrong and on again. Right. Yeah. But it's kind of our edge because, like, if you look at, like, I don't know, like, when we have these calls with the rest of the industry, I think everyone's trying to Be only throw it at an agent. Let me throw it at cloud code. Cloud code's gone and they end up meandering and getting lost. I think where we come from is we have a background, we know what we're doing here. Okay, cool. Sam. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:29:45]*: A learning for me I guess is the flip side of that I at least still don't know much about building agents. And that really came home to me when were brainstorming what agent to build the second time. All the ideas we came up were pretty vague. And even after we spent a bunch of effort trying to make them less vague and easier to evaluate, our best pick, the one that would be most easy to evaluate, still took multiple engineer days to come up with evals. So I think it's just building agents is hard and I don't know enough about what customers who are trying to build agents actually care about. And I would like to know more. 
**Technologic** *[01:30:32]*: Yeah, Sami and I are working really hard on the GTM aspect of it. So right now we have a list of like 70 companies that we're about to do reach outs to more data to come. But high level, we've been able to find agent companies all over the place. Legal, healthcare, recruiting, like finance, they're all over the place. We'll go try to figure out what they're doing with it, but yeah, we'll come back and you know, share more data with the folks. But I think this is one of the things that became like a. More like a unknown known. Right. Where it's like, I think we like new people building agents, but like now I think we realize how hard it actually is. Yeah, yeah, right. 
**Technologic** *[01:31:10]*: I think that's also like really good thing to learn because like look how hard it is building an agent. So they definitely need to focus all their brain cycles on this like building agents and kind of like letting us handle this type of stuff too. That's kind of how I see it. I think one thing though, I think, which I think I resonate with what Sam said is that I think it might not just be good enough to like know from like talking to customers. Like when they say they have this issue, like if we don't understand the problem space itself, then it's hard to be like it's like. 
**Conner** *[01:31:45]*: Maybe it's a good thing, maybe it's. 
**Technologic** *[01:31:46]*: A bad thing, but it's hard to be like, oh, okay, they're asking for a faster horse. And then, you know, how do we know to build a car instead when we don't even understand, like, what they need and what they're trying to do. Yeah. They can understand the pain ourselves. Yeah. Problem. Yeah. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:32:02]*: You can't go too far down that road. But I felt like if we. If we'd been trying to solve some other customer. Some other category of customer problem. 
**Technologic** *[01:32:11]*: Right. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:32:11]*: It wasn't agents. And if were brainstorming, what problem could we solve there? We could have taken actual examples of pain that we understood and used that as the seed for the brainstorm. And like, man, doesn't it suck when you try and use Slack, but it doesn't have a good search feature. We should build a better search feature. Whereas with agents were completely first principles, like, what would it be cool to have automation for? And it'd be nice to be able to ground that. And this customer tried to do this thing and they're having this specific problem. 
**Technologic** *[01:32:42]*: Yeah, I think it'd be nice to have like a customer and not like. Yeah. And of course I'd build something more general but also like, just like get one specific customer to work with us on this. Yeah. I think our goal is to curate at least three to five that we can then go into design partnership with. That's kind of like the current target for us. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:33:04]*: Do you think we can get like gong recordings or have engineers shadow those calls or something? Because. 
**Technologic** *[01:33:10]*: Yeah, so all the calls will be recorded. I think for notion tomorrow we should bring at least, like, we should bring two people. Notion. Let's figure out who is going with us. Yeah. And try. I just want to say, so we have people doing interviews tomorrow. Okay. Makes sense. Yeah. At least record everything where possible. The notion months. We're going to their office. So. Yeah. Where do you got that? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. We'll do granola at least, but I think we'll bring at least one person. We'll see. Yes. And the way that we're running this, I'm going to grab Stephen in and see who's going to be helping us curate, collate, then, you know, share the rest of the team. So, yeah, hopefully that opens up the context channels so all of you all can share in that context. Yeah. Okay. Colin. 
**Technologic** *[01:34:05]*: My learning is I'm much happier building than writing evals. Pretty much spent like 80% of the past two, three weeks just doing emails and like, I think I've written like three or four different eval suites, all pretty much the same and, like, just never satisfied with it because there's so many ways you can do it in like one eval run. You know, maybe it's good. Another one. It sucked. Yeah. Because of the model. You don't know the model's not deterministic. You don't know if you change system problem. It actually worked. Yeah. Or you got lucky one trial or not. That's just. And like it takes forever. It takes like two minutes to run like one, one thing. Yeah. And like if you're running across different parameters, like different. Oh, I want to run librarian MCP base and now I want to add index. 
**Technologic** *[01:34:49]*: There's a whole like, you know. Yeah. N number of things you have to do. And like it's just going to take even more time. Yeah. And doing the ingestion into the postgres and adding the simple intentions layer, that was just awesome. That was way more fun than. 
**Conner** *[01:35:07]*: I. 
**Technologic** *[01:35:07]*: Was figuring out what's the fastest way to embed all of these general contextualizations for all of these versus figuring out how to automate a system prompt. So ideally whatever we build, we don't have to do that many evils. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:35:25]*: I'm going to. 
**Technologic** *[01:35:28]*: Yeah. I was just gonna say I would look at it differently because I was writing your evals and what I ended up doing it was like 20 or 30 evals and I was writing it like sequentially at the beginning, but I was like, can I just run 10 of them at the same time? And that worked. So I feel like in the future we should be able to just like run 100 agents, thousand agents at the same time. As long as we don't hit the API limit. That, that like that would speed up a lot. Yeah, no, I think, Colin, like, I think, you know, I think what you mentioned like a double edged sword. One is that it sucks. Right. It's hard. It's. 
**Technologic** *[01:36:03]*: We have to think a lot and you're not like in the flow as much because you're just thinking about the problem. But on the other side of that is that it's a really hard problem. And it's not just you who is having trouble with this. I think like half the self driving workforce when you were working with self driving, basically worked on like simulation and like it's hard doing the right thing. Yeah, it's a really hard problem. Yeah. Because like in software you have unit tests. Right. But like when it comes to non deterministic, you know, decision making, how do you test it? This is very difficult. Statistical. Yeah. Tough. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Trina. Yeah. 
**Technologic** *[01:36:49]*: Yeah, just like reiterating basically what everyone said, I guess like last couple of days that it was pretty nice to just like the agent a handful of times and just like become the human in the loop. Evaluate and of get like emerging patterns pop up. But that was interesting. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:37:19]*: Do you have any examples of patterns that you saw that we haven't already talked about or that we have? 
**Technologic** *[01:37:24]*: I mean we've joked about Aeroflight a couple of times now, so I mean other than that, not particularly. Office Windows and Office Windows, when you're looking at Windows like discovering those domain level failure modes is what you're saying in terms of like you run a specific task, you're figuring out that's what was fun. Very cool. Okay, cool. I think Jay and I are probably gonna get to work. I mean, yeah, we could share what you guys had already with us in terms of like maybe some of the slides that you had. Sam, I don't think you want my slides. It's fine. You know, send it across. We need to fill our context windows. Okay. And then Colin, you can kind of send over some of the selected like leakages that you had there. And then I think Connor, if we can. 
**Technologic** *[01:38:25]*: If you could either like walk us through how to give the demo that you gave or you can do a recording of it that we can show tomorrow, that would be very valuable. Anything else, Jay? No, I think that's good. Yeah. We'll try to share how the notion stuff went. Probably at least do a granola. And then on Friday we're meeting again with Nomic, so there'll be a recording of that as well. Things like tomorrow during 2:30. Colin, you're giving the interview, right? Yeah. Okay, so then it seems like we can probably bring two people over. I'm also going to be. Yes, Design. You have. Yeah, I have design. You're done by then? Oh yeah. It's only. We're only going for 40 minutes. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay, cool. Well after go to the invite. All right, thank you everybody. Thank you all. Wait, when. 
**Conner** *[01:39:22]*: When are we. When am I doing the walkthrough thing? I'm going to my brother's wedding tomorrow, so I think we're doing it now. 
**Technologic** *[01:39:28]*: Let's do it now. We did record session just now. Yeah, but I only one minute. 
**Conner** *[01:39:36]*: Well, how about I just like walk you guys through it and you guys can ask like all the questions and I can show you where all the buttons. Buttons are. 
**Technologic** *[01:39:43]*: Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
**Conner** *[01:39:46]*: We just do full like Q A. 
**Technologic** *[01:39:48]*: Okay. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:39:51]*: Do you want me for this part or is my. Have I discharged my demo PM responsibilities? 
**Technologic** *[01:39:57]*: You're. You're good. Okay, feel free to drop. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:40:01]*: All right. I mean, I'm. I'm around for a bit, but I'll go for this meeting. 
**Technologic** *[01:40:07]*: Okay. Yeah. So when I log into loop and agents, I don't see any roles currently. 
**Conner** *[01:40:14]*: Well, yeah, you probably haven't created any. I just push this stuff. 
**Technologic** *[01:40:18]*: Oh, okay. So then if I wait, it's gonna show up here? 
**Conner** *[01:40:23]*: No, like, you have to create them. Like, this is your. This is Sammy's account. You don't. You don't get my, you know, access control. 
**Technologic** *[01:40:33]*: This is not a vibe that. 
**Conner** *[01:40:34]*: This is like a legit, Like, I. 
**Technologic** *[01:40:39]*: Thought it was like, to the org or something. 
**Conner** *[01:40:41]*: Okay, no orgs yet. 
**Technologic** *[01:40:44]*: Okay, cool. Now you walk me through it. Go right in. 
**Conner** *[01:40:50]*: Yeah. So basically, if you go to the dashboard and we can just like, start with a search, so we can go ahead and, like, give our whole, like, spiel of like. Yeah, we built this, like, search index and whatnot, the customer data, and it's like, scoped and labeled appropriately and so on and so forth. 
**Technologic** *[01:41:08]*: Yeah. 
**Conner** *[01:41:11]*: Now we're doing our agentic search, and then we talk and whatnot. And then you should go ahead and click that little menu in the top right corner above Cancel. 
**Technologic** *[01:41:20]*: Okay. 
**Conner** *[01:41:21]*: Right above submit. Now, it used to say cancel now. And so we can talk about, like, you know, the indexes namespaced. And then, you know, we do our agentic search with that model that you choose. And then the mode, like hybrid search versus using, like, vector search only or text search. And so you can kind of tune how this thing behaves. You can tune how the agentic search behaves with these parameters. But then you say, okay, well, notice this little robot guy that says role. Like, our role right now is set to none, which means there's no filter applied to this data. And so if you are querying the index, you are actually able to query all of it. Whereas if we want to now scope the data down, we have to create a role that has some policy to scope it down. 
**Conner** *[01:42:09]*: We can do this by going up top and hitting agents. We'll go ahead and start by creating a new agent role. And we have two options. One thing that we can do is we can actually describe this Persona. We describe this Persona in detail and say, like, one, what should they have access to? Then we can generate the role, and we will actually use an agent, our own agent in the background, which will kind of explore the index structure to see your labels and kind of what data is available, and it will generate a policy from that. 
**Technologic** *[01:42:46]*: Okay, I see. That makes sense. And so how do I know what Paths are there. 
**Conner** *[01:42:55]*: Start typing. 
**Technologic** *[01:42:57]*: Oh okay, that's cool. 
**Conner** *[01:43:00]*: So this is all being fed from the postgres. I have an index on that L tree. So all of the scope, all of the tree of data or whatever is all from there and you can use globs and whatnot. But to be honest, the reason why we have this whole manual mode and stuff is to be able to edit things with you want. But the Vibe space policy generator like gets you pretty far because it's going to do all the label discovery for you. 
**Technologic** *[01:43:28]*: Oh, I don't think. Oh, I don't think it's saved. 
**Conner** *[01:43:34]*: What didn't save? 
**Technologic** *[01:43:35]*: Oh, I put GitHub but then it's blank here. 
**Conner** *[01:43:38]*: Oh, hit configure again. 
**Technologic** *[01:43:42]*: Oh weird. Okay. Also what are the resource paths for Slack? I'm trying to do Slack ones. 
**Conner** *[01:43:50]*: I have no idea. 
**Technologic** *[01:43:52]*: Oh, have you only tried GitHub once. 
**Conner** *[01:43:53]*: So far for like resource paths? 
**Technologic** *[01:43:56]*: Yeah. Okay. 
**Conner** *[01:44:00]*: Okay, cool, that worked. So for resource paths for Slack, I don't know actually the hierarchy for the slack resources but Colin ingested all the data so Colin got to choose how whatever the resource paths were. Yeah, I just created an index with resource pass and I was like hey, like do whatever you want. So it's going to be slack.something but I don't actually know. 
**Technologic** *[01:44:24]*: Okay. Because the. The autocomplete doesn't seem to be working for Slack dot so far. 
**Conner** *[01:44:32]*: Okay. Yeah, I have no idea. I have no idea what's available in slack. 
**Technologic** *[01:44:43]*: Sense. It is by an iceberg. 
**Conner** *[01:44:58]*: Which role did you use? 
**Technologic** *[01:45:01]*: Support bot. And then support bot should have access to. Oh, did I misspell it or something? Did you need a star maybe. No, no, the. I suppose we capitalized. Oh, oh of ink I think. Okay. Was it star Star. 
**Conner** *[01:45:27]*: You should probably use Star. 
**Technologic** *[01:45:30]*: That. 
**Conner** *[01:45:31]*: Way it does nested things. 
**Technologic** *[01:45:52]*: I just hammered it with Eventual's biggest customers. Everything is on us all. God. Including the dollar amounts. Okay, here we go. Okay. I wonder if you did that without the agent thing if it will find like Apple and stuff. They ask for iceberg. 
**Conner** *[01:46:39]*: So it shouldn't find Apple. Since we're scoped down to the support. 
**Technologic** *[01:46:43]*: Bot, I wonder if we didn't scope it if we would find it. Okay. 
**Conner** *[01:46:46]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Technologic** *[01:46:48]*: No, the odd stuff is honestly I think pretty compelling. I mean you have to go on the validate but like this is pretty cool. Yeah. Because it is similar. Okay, wait, how did it find. Go to the top. Go to the top. 
**Conner** *[01:47:04]*: Right and see which role was selected. 
**Technologic** *[01:47:06]*: No role is selected. Okay. Okay. All right. I think it reset. Yeah. Okay. How are you feeling about it? I know we started off, you know, the off discussion was a little bit, like, all over the place, and we had a little discussion. 
**Conner** *[01:47:21]*: Well, I just. I just implemented the AUTH that was in my head. I still don't think I understand, but I hope this. I was hoping that if I gave you guys something that. I was hoping that if I gave you guys something that you could play with, then you could use that to kind of clarify your ideas. 
**Technologic** *[01:47:42]*: Yeah, 100%. 100%. I guess the big question I had that was unresolved in my last discussion was, you know, were circling around this idea of. Yeah, like, what if people just built better MCP servers and use, like, IAMs and resources for each application and, you know, is that sufficient or did we actually have to build on our end this layer of, like, AUTH control? What's your take on that now that you've kind of taken a step at? 
**Conner** *[01:48:32]*: My take is that I believe mcp, if it doesn't already, will very quickly have a unified authorization scope model exactly like how OAuth2 got it. 
**Technologic** *[01:48:55]*: Is it not already possible today with the auth mechanisms of MCP? I think they support OAuth as like, a mechanism. Right, Right. 
**Conner** *[01:49:07]*: So not. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:49:09]*: I'm not. 
**Conner** *[01:49:09]*: Because I'm not talking about, like, OAuth in particular. I'm talking more about the. 
**Technologic** *[01:49:26]*: The. 
**Conner** *[01:49:26]*: The mapping of some policy to entities in the system you are connecting to. So, like, when you use OAuth, for example, not. We're not talking about, like, OAUTH as an authentication mechanism. Talking about, like, how OAuth has a protocol or I guess really like a specification for mapping policies to resources. So, like in OAuth you define scopes, and that's the policy. And scopes are like a space delimited, like, read colon resource name, write colon resource name. That's the specification. The resource name comes from the system you are connecting to. And so there is now a standard. There is a standardized way in a AUTH NZ system to map policies to resources. That policy definition is a specification of the OAuth 2 specification. And so, like, if MCP doesn't have it, like, it probably has it already. 
**Conner** *[01:50:40]*: I just have it, like, read the documents or something. But you already see this in like, tool call, like rules in agents, you know, you ever see, like, the, like, read parentheses and there'll be like a glob path in it. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. So, like, it's Already kind of happening. And I think it's just a matter of time between or a matter of time until MCP has a specification for policies. They already have resource URIs. So you can already conceive. You can, you can already like conceive of how like a read colon URI with the glob path maps to the MCP URIs. Or like how, like, let's keep going with the OAuth 2 scope style. We say, you know, allow colon tool name. 
**Conner** *[01:51:40]*: And like the tool name comes from like the thing, like it comes from that particular MCP server. But the specification for the policy is following a convention. 
**Technologic** *[01:51:49]*: Yeah, yeah. I think one analogy you gave the other day that I think we could, I could probably like turn back to you is like the analogy you talk about like unified roles and policies was like iam, you make. IAM is the sentence to universal truth across all services in aws, right? But like, even if you do have roles and policies for each individual MCP server, right? There's not really a unified way where you could just have one agent that's like, okay, this is the role, and that role won't be implemented the same across every single, let's say linear, Slack, GitHub, it's not universal. It would have to be more like, I am doing this role or this policy for GitHub, I'm doing this one for Slack, I'm doing this one for linear. 
**Technologic** *[01:52:35]*: And so we could still, we could be the IAM that like bridges, you know, giving a simple role to the agent. And then we kind of then enforce that across all of the other services on the other side, like the AWS services. If I understand this correctly, like, to GitHub I could look like admin role, but to like Slack I could look like member role. And there's no real centralization of like. No, like I am playing the role of like, I don't know, market researcher, right? And then centralize that all in terms of what they can actually access through. So like the way the example I think about is like, even with OAuth, right? Like you still have. There's still a place for something like okta, right? 
**Technologic** *[01:53:17]*: Which is a single login for a single identity, but then kind of like fans it out to every other identity provider or for every other service that can then leverage OAuth through Okta, Right? 
**Conner** *[01:53:46]*: I'm not, yeah, I'm not sure I follow. Like when you interact with GitHub, like, GitHub is only aware of like the scopes that you have, you know, granted. When you did the exchange, you said, hey, I want these scopes approved. Like GitHub's only aware of that. It doesn't care about like a larger policy. It only cares about like these scopes that were actually granted. So like this like universal policy thing, it doesn't really like, matter because like GitHub doesn't care about that. 
**Technologic** *[01:54:31]*: But then how would someone on an agent, like, how would they be able to enforce that? 
**Conner** *[01:54:37]*: GitHub enforces it. So it's the service provider's responsibility to enforce policies like all the authentication or. Sorry, Jesus, all of the authorization or any kind of like policy enforcement, access control, all takes place on GitHub's MCP server or GitHub's like servers. The, the consumer is not responsible for it was. But basically what happens, the way it works is you go to GitHub and you say, please, I want these permissions. And GitHub goes, okay, here's a token that has those permissions and then you make your request with that token and GitHub does all of the enforcement. 
**Technologic** *[01:55:27]*: I think maybe GitHub is like a good example. But like, I think a common thing we see, for example, is like when I do a connection for my Google Drive, right, I connect all of it, right. It's like, for example, when I did the cloud integration, I just pressed it and now had access to everything. There wasn't really a way to scope it. And so when I think about connecting like something like, that's like all or nothing. It would be very beneficial to have a single identity that can then connect to all these services in a way that I can control. 
**Conner** *[01:56:04]*: Like you don't want to beholden to the resource model of the service you are connecting to. 
**Technologic** *[01:56:12]*: Exactly. Because what if it's broken? Or what if we want to do a feature like something based off of some semantic meaning that the service provider doesn't enforce? Yeah, I think what you just said, Connor, it makes a lot of sense. Like the only world in which this stuff actually is super interesting and useful is if their resource model doesn't make sense for their use case. Right. Whether that's like, it doesn't account for the unstructured kind of semantic nature of it. I think that's one instance in which this resource model breaks. I think there's other instances, for example, like maybe you want to grant access based on authors like who authored a thread in Slack for some reason. Right. The resource model of Stack obviously isn't capable of doing that. Yeah. 
**Technologic** *[01:56:59]*: So that is the world in which I think what we're doing here is interesting. I think the analogy I would draw here is it's like trying to do access control to your data lake by enforcing S3 policies, which is how people started. Right. You would just say, oh yeah, you cannot read this parquet file. You can read this parquet file and you would use IAMs on S3 directly. Right. Versus like doing something higher level that's maybe by user, by row, by whatever const at like the table level instead. That's kind of how I think about it, which is like, I think like policies at the MCP server level. I think they probably will catch up. I think there will be good players and I think there will be bad players. 
**Technologic** *[01:57:42]*: But like, I think one, the two areas we can provide, like value is one is like we can unify it. Right? You have one policy and you don't have to manage like 15 different services for that one agent. The second one is I think we could provide a lot of higher level constructs that those policy providers probably won't give. Yeah, yeah, sorry, I didn't mean to bring up the discussion so that we get to the bottom of it today. I was just wondering how our thinking has changed since there's something concrete to look at and play around with. Cool. This is useful for me. I do have to run to which one to tap. Okay, I'll be back in like an hour. Okay. I didn't know if you could keep it going if you want to. Yeah, it's fine. Okay. And so Connor. 
**Technologic** *[01:58:23]*: So I can run through here. I can go through these two examples. I can noodle a bit and then. Thanks, Connor. How do I. Sorry, how do I edit this again? 
**Conner** *[01:58:35]*: Click support bot. 
**Technologic** *[01:58:38]*: Oh, there we go. Okay, and then I want to. I'll configure. Okay. And then what? I have notion, but what else do I have? 
**Conner** *[01:58:55]*: Yeah, you should have notion. 
**Technologic** *[01:58:57]*: I don't know. 
**Conner** *[01:58:57]*: I don't really know what like resources are in there. 
**Technologic** *[01:59:01]*: Is there like a list? All of them? 
**Conner** *[01:59:05]*: No, there's no like listing functionality that wasn't in the requirements. I. I only did the authorization stuff since that's the demo, you know. 
**Technologic** *[01:59:19]*: Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. I think I only might have GitHub in here. No, you. 
**Conner** *[01:59:24]*: There's like Notion and Slack and stuff. It's just the little drop down just sucks. 
**Sam Stokes** *[01:59:31]*: Like that's how. 
**Technologic** *[01:59:32]*: That's all it is. 
**Conner** *[01:59:35]*: I think it's notion, lowercase. I mean, like, how about that? How about I just give you a page that lists them? 
**Technologic** *[01:59:42]*: Okay, that'd be great. 
**Conner** *[01:59:43]*: This is painful. Okay, I'm gonna put the edit button where that copy button is also. 
**Technologic** *[01:59:53]*: Yeah, okay. Yeah, if you can listen, that'll be really useful. Okay, perfect. And then I saw you were working on like a what page? If you have a diagram that. If you can push whatever you have, that'd be valuable. 
**Conner** *[02:00:05]*: That's it right there. 
**Technologic** *[02:00:07]*: Okay. Okay. Oh, perfect. I think you. Oh, yeah, there we go. There we go. It's. When I looked earlier, it wasn't push. Perfect. Okay. All right. Enjoy. Runner's wedding. Where. Where is it? 
**Conner** *[02:00:27]*: Indiana. 
**Technologic** *[02:00:28]*: Okay. They're playing with tonight. 
**Conner** *[02:00:30]*: Tomorrow morning. 
**Technologic** *[02:00:32]*: Okay. All right, have fun. Cool. 
**Conner** *[02:00:35]*: Thank you. Good luck tomorrow. 
**Technologic** *[02:00:36]*: Thank you. Bye. 
